---
layout: post
title: Never shy from asking for what you want
---

Just got back from an absolutely amazing futurism conference. I got to meet all kinds of excellent people, engaged in hours of riveting discussion, and attended some fantastic talks on AI, existenial risk, quantum computing, and information theory. I even got to talk to some people about conlangs! But being the weirdo I am, there's usually one bit of improbability almost always on my list at any kind of gathering, which is end up in a discussion about chaos magick.

It was getting towards the end of the event with the last talk finished and people spiraling off into all manner of inspired conversations, when one of my conversational partners motions to my pentacle necklace and smiles. Now, I was initially a bit hesitant to rock the pentacle since a large chunk of the people at these sorts of events are of the less-wrong / rationalist / atheist communities and tend not to believe in that kind of woo. But what the hell, this whole year has been an exercise in being confident in shifting between reality tunnels and not getting daunted by embarrassment or inconsistencies in a given loaded ROM (reality orchestration module). And I had a feeling it would signal to the right kind of people and go unnoticed by everyone else.

Sure enough, that's exactly what ended up happening, and not only got my occulty chit chat, but also introduced them to Ellis. Sure enough, they had been working with some spider imagery recently. Pre-echo / synchronicity like woah.

So yeah, don't be afraid to just ask of the universe - she usually obliges. 
